📖 ROSA: Add support.md to the doc (#4966)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: docs/book/src/topics/rosa/support.md

# Create issue for ROSA

> When creating issue for ROSA-HCP cluster, include the logs for the capa-controller-manager and capi-controller-manager deployment pods. The logs can be saved to text file using the commands below. As well as, include the CRs that is used to create the ROSA ControlPlane, MachinePools and Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating issue for ROSA-HCP cluster, include the logs for the capa-controller-manager and capi-controller-manager deployment pods. The logs can be saved to text file using the commands below.
Please also include the yaml for all the resources used to create the ROSA cluster:
- `Cluster`
- `ROSAControlPlane`
- `MachinePool`
- `ROSAMachinePool`
```
we need to explicitly list the resource names we want.

Author: okay

```shell
$ kubectl get pod -n capa-system 
NAME                                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
capa-controller-manager-77f5b946b-sddcg   1/1     Running   1          3d3h

> $ kubectl logs -n capa-system capa-controller-manager-77f5b946b-sddcg &>> capa-controller-manager-logs.txt

Reviewer: why `&>>` ? this will append to end of file, so if the file had any previous content/logs it will be confusing to read.
`>` should be good.

Author: okay

Reviewer: The logs are only STDOUT, we don't need to redirect STDERR with `&>` 
if  `kubectl logs` throws the error, the user should see it and fix it before they can save the logs to a file. 
please use only `>`
